I knew fairly young that I wanted to
farm I'm the second son of a second son
that farmed and my son of the second son
so I don't know it was kind of weird how
it works out that way but just how it is
I am Bob Meyer I'm from Granite City
Illinois I'm four generation farmer I
farm with my father he's 78 years old
and newest member of the family is my
youngest son Neil he's been farming was
made full-time for the past four years
and he's been a great help to us my name
is Neil Meyer and I work with my father
Bob at Maier farm you know it's pretty
neat to think about that you know I get
to work with my dad and my grandpa and
just think about how long they've been
doing it and their fathers you know they
didn't do if the equipment that we had
they were doing it on you know small
tractors or sometimes even mules and
whatnot Neil's our technology boy he
takes full advantage of all the
technology the information on the
computers and any networks with people -
he's very good at that I do lots of
research online I go to University
websites just anything that has to do
with what we're growing we raise two
varieties for deer birds we raise by
color and white corn Michael is my
favorite it's a mixture of the two
flavors the yellow which is the sweeter
variety and the white which has a
creamier texture creamier flavor to it
we raise our corn for flavor and we pick
our rise for flavor we're larger
companies and the coasts they'll raise
them for keeping quality where they can
put them in refrigeration they're edible
for 30 days we don't raise it for that
we raise it for flavor we're a small
family farm we don't have you know
thousands of acres of corn to fall back
on so we have to give you something that
really stands out and makes you go wow I
want to buy this when the silks start
turning brown
that means it's starting to become time
there it's getting its color and it's
probably start getting its flavor so
usually every couple days we'll pull a
couple of years for trial and see we'll
peel it back and see how far along it is
because usually an ear of corn will fill
out from the bottom up
so if ear of corn isn't quite ready yet
the color will be white towards the top
so it's not quite filled out yet it
still needs a couple days I go out in
the field every morning I peel in ear
back and eat it I want to see how it's
run that day
flavor is that day that's my favorite
has the most flavor in it before you
cook it
because you cook a little you tend to
cook a lot of the sugars out most people
when they cook corn they tend to
overcook it all you want to do is heat
corn up you bring the water to a boil
throw it in the water will come out of a
boil when it comes back to a boil turn
the water off let it set for about three
minutes and it's done yes it's that time
of year when corn comes in husks rather
than cans fresh homegrown cord is
arriving at deer birds daily from Meyer
farms in Illinois fresh corn straight
from the stalk even if you're not a
farmer you can enjoy produce as fresh as
if you were Bob and Neal will be up
early taking it just for you
I get up every morning with a smile on
my face and just look forward to working
I enjoy what I do and that it just makes
a world of difference